Add changelog entries for 12.1.1 (#7332)
citusdata/citus: CHANGELOG.md

### citus v12.1.1 (November 9, 2023) ###

> * Fixes leaking of memory and memory contexts in Foreign Constraint Graphs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes leaking of memory and memory contexts in Citus foreign key cache
```
